Added support for bicep files in AzureResourceManagerTemplateDeploymentV3 (#15788)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks: Tasks/AzureResourceManagerTemplateDeploymentV3/README.md

     - For Resource Group deployment scope: Location for deploying the resource group. If the resource group already exists in the subscription, then this value will be ignored.
    - For other deployment scopes: Location for storing the deployment metadata.

>  * **Template location**: The location of the Template & the Parameters JSON files. Select "Linked Artifact" if the files are part of the linked code/build artifacts. For "Linked Artifacts", we can also use biceps files.  Select "URL of the file" if the JSON files are located at any publicly accessible http/https URLs. To use a file stored in a private storage account, retrieve and include the shared access signature (SAS) token in the URL of the template. Example: <blob_storage_url>/template.json?<SAStoken>. To upload a parameters file to a storage account and generate a SAS token, you could use [Azure file copy task](https://aka.ms/azurefilecopyreadme) or follow the steps using [PowerShell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=838080) or [Azure CLI](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=836911).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **Template location**: The location of the Template & the Parameters JSON files. Select "Linked Artifact" if the files are part of the linked code/build artifacts. For "Linked Artifacts", you can also specify the path to a Bicep file.  Select "URL of the file" if the JSON files are located at any publicly accessible http/https URLs. To use a file stored in a private storage account, retrieve and include the shared access signature (SAS) token in the URL of the template. Example: <blob_storage_url>/template.json?<SAStoken>. To upload a parameters file to a storage account and generate a SAS token, you could use [Azure file copy task](https://aka.ms/azurefilecopyreadme) or follow the steps using [PowerShell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=838080) or [Azure CLI](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=836911).
```
